feat: create 'add azure server' article (#987)
devopness/devopness: docs/servers/add-azure-server.md

---

> title: Add a Server to Azure

Reviewer: The current name human readable for this credential provider is "Microsoft Azure".

I believe the title should include the provider's full name.

Could you apply the diff below?

```suggestion
title: Add a Server to Microsoft Azure
```

intro: Devopness allows you to provision a server on Azure Resource Manager (RM) and manage it through Devopness.
links:
    overview:
    quickstart:
    previous: /docs/servers/add-server
    next: /docs/servers/check-server-provision-logs
    guides:
    related:
    featured:
---

> If you don't have an Azure credential, please follow the guide {% mentionPost "/docs/credentials/add-azure-credential" %}

1. On Devopness, navigate to a project then select an environment

> 1. If there's no other server in the selected environment, just click `ADD SERVER`
> 1. If a list of resource cards is displayed, find the `Servers` card and click View on it

Reviewer: @Diegiwg these steps do not reflect the current web app UX.

In the past, when accessing the environment modules page on an environment without a server, it would show a page guiding the user to add a server.

Could you update these steps to reflect the current UX?

```suggestion
1. Find the `Servers` card
1. Click `View` in the `Servers` card to see a list of existing `Servers`
```

Reviewer: @Diegiwg it seems the same problem can be found on the other add-{aws, gcp, existing, digitalocean}-server

Could you apply the same changes to the other articles?

If you choose to open this as a separate PR, you can tag me to review it

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a973f5df-0db3-4a45-8745-bf65b55602b8)

1. On the upper-right corner of the list click `ADD SERVER`
1. Choose `Microsoft Azure` as cloud provider
1. Select a `Credential`

>     > If no credential is listed or you want to use a different one, click `Create a new credential` and follow the guide {% mentionPost "/docs/credentials/add-credential" %}

Reviewer: The option label for "Create a new " is capitalized

```suggestion
    > If no credential is listed or you want to use a different one, click `Create a new Credential` and follow the guide {% mentionPost "/docs/credentials/add-credential" %}
```

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d720b9d0-1267-4847-973f-f7a3e27e8958)
